it's the time of your life there's so
much in life worth celebrating birthdays
anniversaries reunions or any of life's
most special moments and this year were
celebrating something new giving back in
2010 we want to inspire 1 million people
to volunteer a day of service to a
participating organization in their
communities
so we're celebrating their good work by
giving each of them one day admission to
a theme park at Disneyland Resort or
Walt Disney World Resort free
give a day get a Disney day visit Disney
parks calm for terms and conditions and
to sign up this is the year who make a
few dreams come true for others and let
us make a few come true for you too
and this DVD will show you all the magic
in store simply watch and decide what
will you celebrate at Disney parks where
dreams come true
you